Question
What was the trend in my subscription spending over the past year compared to other categories?
Show category breakdown by month for the past 6 months
What is my average monthly spending on subscriptions compared to last quarter?
what were my largest healthcare expense transactions in the last 3 months?
Show me the largest transactions for the month
Analyze my spending patterns and show me where I might be overspending
Show me a breakdown of my spending this month with key insights and trends
How does this month compare to last month?
Where are my over spending right now?
what about compared to the past few months
Where did I spend my money on restaurants and food?
Break down my spending by category
Show me my spending this month
How does my spending in each category last month compare to the previous month?
show me details about all my subscriptions over the last 3 months
can i spend 300 on a new car part without going broke?
How much am I spending on subscriptions compared to other categories this month?
What are my top spending categories from the last month?
Show me my monthly financial review
do I have any duplicate subscriptions?
Show me my recurring subscriptions
Which category saw the largest increase or decrease in spending compared to the previous month?
How much do I spend on subscriptions annually?
How much have I spent on coffee?
am I paying for Amazon prime?
What is my spend on coffee in May 2025?
how much have I spent on coffee this month
Am I paying for Netflix?
Which subscription has the highest monthly cost?
Which category increased the most?
Can you show what I've spent for Uber Eats?
Compare my spending on coffee last month with the same month last year.
What did I spend on groceries last month?
What were the transactions for travel?
Break down my safe to spend balance
What's the planned spending goal calculated as?
Do I have enough to take a trip next month?
How do I pay off my current debt?
I have 17000 in debt. how do I tackle it
Should I pay down my credit card before I contribute to my 401k?
How long will it take me to pay off one credit card?
What is an HSA?
How do I add an account?
Why haven't my transactions updated?
How do I change a transaction category?
Can I schedule automatic data refreshes?
I hate ai, can I talk with a real person?
What's included in my safe to spend number?
what's the difference between a Roth 401k and a traditional 401k and what's right for me
What are the actual transactions?
what are my upcoming bills?